Hi Elena

 

As telephonically discussed, please find the attached offer details, regarding the position of a driver care assistant.  I have attached the document which indicates which documents are needed, before we are able to employ you, and I have also attached a medical form, which you can complete and send back to me. Once you have all the relevant documents, and you have completed the medical form, please forward them to me via email as attachments. As soon as I receive copies of all the relevant documents from you, I will confirm this with you, to arrange for a date as to when you would like to come to England.  Please also be informed that when you come to England, you will also need to bring all your original documents with you, together with your passport / I.D. Card, drivers license and 1 x passport size photograph of yourself.

 

As mentioned the company provides accommodation for all our employees.  For the first week, during the training period, you will be accommodated in one of our training houses, thereafter, you will be moved from the training accommodation to one of our permanent houses, which will be in the area in which you will work in.  All our accommodation comes fully equipped with computers, internet, furniture, utensils etc.  The accommodation is house shared accommodation, shared by between 4 – 6 people per house, depending on the size of the house.  The rooms are single rooms and double rooms which are shared by two people, and are rented out for between £60 - £85 per week,including all bills. 

 

You will also receive your own company vehicle.  The company covers the cost of the tax, MOT and insurance of the vehicles, and all the vehicles are also covered by the AA Breakdown cover.

 

You will be expected to work between 40 – 50 hours per week, which comprises of 6 morning shifts, 4 evening shifts with 2 afternoons off and 1 full day off per week.  The morning shifts start around 06.00 / 06.30 until 14.00 and the evening shifts start around 16.00 until 21.00 / 21.30.

 

The salary which we offer is £6.30 per hour + £0.52 travel allowance for each client visited + £0.11 refund per mile, for your petrol used. You can expect to visit around 5 / 6 clients in the morning and around 5 / 6 clients in the evening

 

Please have a look at the following website, with regards to driving in the U.K.

http://www.direct.gov.uk/en/TravelAndTransport/Highwaycode/DG_069857

 

Please inform me of your decision

 

Hope to hear from you soon J

 

Kind Regards

 

Cheryl 